hi guys there's an update of the fish
house my last fish house video I told
about a new tank there's a curry LEDs to
light it this 3-foot by 3-foot all the
contents for my six or reef tank is in
at the moment the new nine-foot tank has
been delivered on wednesday see we're
full length
green in down into putting life son
belltech MCE 600 over top up
bio pellet reactor
to powerheads circulation everything
seems to be happy in that this son also
runs three tanks here we've got Stan
pipes going down down then the overflow
walks back into the Sun
leave a mixture of my step clouds appear
mushroom Zola's nice amenity you see
fans
miss blasco
Hugh's old colonies mushrooms their
clock the drums in the back down layin
eggs cheese or colonies few softies
couple of boost our patients bottom one
your master shortie system here along
with canister filter skimmer eight tanks
about two tanks that made them before
water runs through and background
location over the moment and we've got
their 24 foots
32 foots large Delphic skimmer so
this frag double load of SPS I want you
to make these up yeah I'm only don't do
frogs mommy to sell full colonies but
people been asking for frogs so
very nice brunch in Hama
very nice Duncan paedophilia another cat
athenia we're going to see my sort of
clams near know a couple of nice
expensive track Athena's softies system
at time for the soft days I was always
in there when here we got maybe L guess
like a fee there which isn't it too
happy at the moment owls I glass those
glass those one tentacle plate
time will slipper Carl then will you
call it nice cafeteria
SBS right for the plates the blast those
mushrooms Oh is
live large as Fisk only ones I just
tried go
let's get strikes let's get right to the
five
see all these systems three from this
one to this tank this time the sub same
as easy street drain into the sump but I
bring back around questions my best to
answer i will show you where the new
tank is going on this wall is where the
old tank was six foot and some lights on
across this wall if you remembered look
at my six with tank Video Des where it
was the new tanks going across this wall
delivered Wednesday we've all new tiles
down the wooden floor down before and
that didn't work very well the marine
fish tank so before to wednesday with a
challenge set of us a nine-foot tank but
should it be all good nice large it's a
plate rocking year in freshwater let's
look into the new time comes in fact
will be in wednesday and away we go
right any questions comments let me know
and i'll do my best one for the kiss